In this exercise i want you to use
recursion to find all the files in
every sub-directory of the 'files'
directory and then read them. Every
file will contain a number. i want 
you to:
 1. sum all the numbers in files
    that start with a letter.
 2. subtract from that sum all 
    the numbers in files that 
    start with an odd number.
 3. multiply the difference with
    the number of files that start
    with an even number!
in that specific order! read it
carefully becasue one small misstep
will throw off your calculation 
colpletely!

You will be working in the 'env'
directory and once you are done
and your answer matches the one
provided at the bottom of the file
you can look at my solution in the
'solution' directory. If you get
stuck it should be your LAST RESORT
to look at my solution.

troubleshooting:
if there are no directories in 
env/files you can copy a hierarchy
from solution/files. if that too is
empty, run the tool: env_maker.py
and it will generate all the needed
directories in solution/files

your answer should be: 268962981463008